[Music]
hey how's it going Dave 2d here and this
is the cheapest gaming laptop on the
market with a 6 gig GTX 1060 and it's
kind of weird because it's coming from a
brand name company Acer and the hardware
in here is very powerful but the
question that I think a lot of people
may be asking is it worth it and whether
or not you should purchase this laptop
versus something that's slightly less
powerful but a little bit cheaper and
that's what this video is here to help
you with so right off the bat we're kind
of deep into the product cycle for both
the CPU and the GPU I'm not going to go
into too much detail about their
performance
it's a kb league 7700 HQ and a gtx 1060
this is going to crush most games and I
got to be honest I was expecting the
fans to be loud because of the pricing
but the fans are quiet the thermals
however aren't great the temperatures
are a little warm nothing too bad it
doesn't saddle at all in games but I
would just like to see lower
temperatures regardless we're seeing
excellent frame rates on this thing for
1080p gaming so first the good stuff the
build quality is surprisingly good it's
got a metal top panel plastic everywhere
else and you'd think it would have a lot
of flex on the chassis but it doesn't
it's really solid and even the screen
and hinges are built well I think they
made some great material choices here
it's not particularly thin and it's also
a little bit heavy but it is durable the
speakers are ok they're down firing and
they get pretty loud you can play game
audio over the fans but they don't sound
particularly clear and they lack bass if
you want positional audio for gaming
you're going to have to get headphones
going the port selection is pretty
standard for the price points there's
three USB a's and a single USBC which
doesn't support then about three if
you're interested in upgrading the
internals there's two doors on the
bottom wonder lets you add a two natf
inch SATA drive and then the other is
for the two rams claws they include 16
gigs but opening the rest of the case
isn't easy I got kind of far but I
chickened out because they don't want to
break the casing I'm sure it's possible
but if you plan on changing the SSD you
got a nut up and go on pretty deep and
the SSD they include isn't super fast so
you might want to do it the keyboard has
a number pad the layout feels not bad
the shift key is kind of weirdly
positioned but I personally didn't have
any issues using it the mechanism for
the keys feel a little spongy but I can
still type pretty fast it's strange
because each individual stroke doesn't
feel great but when you type on it
the whole it's a very comfortable
keyboard to use now I think part of that
comes from just personal preferences I
think the average person is going to
find this keyboard decent the trackpad
uses Windows precision drivers it's got
great tracking clicking is a little
stiff you got to press down harder than
normal to register a click but it's good
otherwise and if you're a tapper and not
a clicker it's actually really good now
there are a few things that I don't like
the temperatures like I mentioned
earlier it's not that they're super hot
or anything it's just I wish it ran a
little bit cooler but the thing is it's
difficult to get into the internals of
this device so if there's any kind of
dust buildup in the fans it might be
hard to clean them out the other thing
is that the battery life isn't great
it's a 48 watt hour battery and I'm
getting around four hours of battery
life with the screen at 250 minutes it's
passable and I guess expected
considering the price of the system now
the last thing I don't like and this is
a big one for me it's the screen it's
1080p not a touchscreen the color gamut
is a super bed I mean looking at the
numbers it doesn't look great but
visually it's not too bad but the thing
that really ruins it for me is the
brightness it's really dim if you're
using it in bright environment and I
found it difficult to play games in the
daytime in the evening or if I close all
the blinds it's fine but yeah it's not a
very bright screen now the screen is
where a lot of companies will kind of
cheap out if they have to keep their
laptops at a certain price point and I
feel like that's what they've done so
you're still getting an amazingly
powerful device for the money I mean a
GTX 1060 is almost overkill for 1080p
games on laptops because we're capped at
the 60 frames per second on the screens
I think the purchase decision boiled
down to which games you actually play if
you're someone that plays a lot of kind
of mid tier triple-a shooters and stuff
like that those aren't super demanding I
would actually opt for a 1050 Ti those
are going to last you a couple years
with great frame rates and you'll save a
little bit of money and you can spend on
faster drives and stuff like that but if
you're someone that plays like
open-world games like GTA 5 witcher 3
then go for the gtx 1060 because you're
the type of gamer that this laptop was
built for
[Music]